Do you think television in those kinds of circumstances can actually convey how people
are feeling?
Yes, I think they can.
When it's raw, really, like that was, I don't think that...
You know, you see a lot on television, particularly politicians, unfortunately, anything.
You know.
What's he saying?
Don't believe that.
You know.
Does he believe that?
But when, you know, when it's...
And even reporters, you know, you have a bit of a jaundice for your reporters because they're
not always...
They usually have an age.
But for something like that, a real tragedy like that, I think they're just trying to
convey what they see.
And when they talk to people, people are just natural, I think, in those circumstances.
They're not putting on any kind of show.
So in that regard, I think when it's something that bad, yes, I think it can.